---
layout: default
title: Publications
---
## List of Journals 
1. Pooja Balagouda Patil, Rashmi M, **Natesha B V**, Ramya D Shetty "Explainable Ensemble-Based Machine Learning Model For Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Detection Using Hybrid Feature Selection", International Journal of Information Technology, Year=2025, DOI= "https://doi.org/10.1007/s41870-025-03044-4",(Scopus Indexed, Q2-Journal). 
2. **Banavase Venkategowda Natesha** and Luiz F Bittencourt "Service Placement in the Computing Continuum for Delay-Sensitive IoT/IIoT Applications", Journal of Network and Systems Management (IF:3.9 ), Vol=33, Issue=4, Pages=89, Year=2025, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1007/s10922-025-09964-7", (Q1-Journal, SCIE & Scopus Indexed).
3. **Natesha, B. V** and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti, "Meta-heuristic Based Hybrid Service Placement Strategies for Two-Level Fog Computing Architecture", Journal of Network and Systems Management (IF:3.2 ), Vol=30, Issue=3, Pages=1-23, Year=2022, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1007/s10922-022-09660-w", (Q1- Journal, SCIE & Scopus Indexed).
4. **Natesha B V** and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti, "Fog-based Intelligent Machine Malfunction Monitoring System for Industry 4.0", IEEE Transactions on  Industrial Informatics (IF:10.215), Vol=17, Issue=12, Pages=7923-7932, Year=2021, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1109/TII.2021.3056076", (Q1-Journal, SCIE & Scopus Indexed).
5. **Natesha B V** and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti, "Adopting Elitism-based Genetic Algorithm for Minimizing Multi-objective Problems of IoT Service Placement in  Fog Computing Environment", Journal of Network and Computer Applications (IF:6.281), Vol=178, Year=2021, Issn=1084-8045, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jnca.2020.102972", (Q1-Journal, SCIE & Scopus Indexed).
6. Md. Shahzad Alam, **Natesha B V**, Ashwin T.S, and G. Ram Mohana Reddy, "UAV based Cost-Effective Real-Time Abnormal Event Detection using Edge Computing", Springer Multimedia Tools and Applications  (IF:2.757), Vol=78, Issue=24, Year=2019, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1007/s11042-019-08067-1", (Q1-Journal,SCIE & Scopus Indexed).



## List of Conference Papers
1. Eduardo S. Gama, **Natesha B V**, Roger Immich, and Luiz F. Bittencourt, " An Orchestrator Architecture for Multi-tier Edge/Cloud Video Streaming Services", In Proc. of the IEEE EDGE Conference (EDGE,2023), Chicago, Illinois, USA.
2. Vijay Mohan Reddy Anakala, M. Rashmi, Natesha B V and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti, "Fall Detection and Elderly Monitoring System Using the CNN" in Proc. of the International Conference on Machine Intelligence and Signal Processing (MISP 2022). Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering, vol 998. Springer.
3. Niranjan, **Natesha B V**, M Rashmi, Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti "An Effective Real-Time Surveillance System for Fire and Smoke Detection Using CNN", in Proc, International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Machine Intelligence (PReMI-2021), Springer.
4. **Natesha B V** and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti , "Fog-based Video Surveillance System for Smart City Applications", In Proc. of the  8th International Conference on Frontiers of Intelligent Computing: Theory and Apps. (FICTA 2020), Pages=747-754, Year=2020, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-15-5788-0_70" , (Best paper Award).
5. Vinita Yadav, **Natesha B V** and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti, "GA-PSO: Service Allocation in Fog Computing Environment Using Hybrid Bio-Inspired Algorithm", In Proc. of the IEEE Region 10 Conference  TENCON 2019, Pages=1280-1285, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1109/TENCON.2019.8929234", (Scopus).
6. **Natesha B V** and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti,  "Heuristic-based IoT Application Modules Placement in the Fog-Cloud Computing Environment", In Proc. of the 11th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC 2018), Pages=24-25, Year=2018, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1109/UCC-Companion.2018.00027",  (Scopus and Core Conference).
7. **Natesha B V**, Neeraj Sharma, Shridhar Domanal, and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti, "GWOTS: Grey Wolf Optimization based Task Scheduling at the Green Cloud Data Center", In Proc. of the 14th International Conference on Semantics, Knowledge and Grids (SKG 2018), Pages=181-187, Year=2018, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1109/SKG.2018.00034", (Scopus and Core Conference).
8. Rakshith G, Rahul M V, Sanjay G S, **Natesha B V** and Ram Mohana Reddy Guddeti , "Resource Provisioning Framework for IoT Applications in Fog Computing Environment", In Proc. of the 12th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Networks and Telecommunication Systems (ANTS 2018), Pages=1-6, Year=2018, DOI="https://doi.org/10.1109/ANTS.2018.8710172", (Scopus) .
